[Music]
this is a movie recap named sightless
it's a drama thriller movie from 2020
she is in hospital now being taken care
by omar after they've removed bandages
he is confused why she can't see
doctor explained to her that damage is
now irreversible
and she started crying ellen remembered
someone attacked her it was a male
and her violin is stolen
ellen have a brother named easton he
will hire someone named clayton to help
her with a new lifestyle
she wakes up in a new apartment and
clayton will help her with cooking
cleaning and everything to make her life
easier
but ellen hate this new place it's empty
to her and doesn't feel like home she
had a nightmare and now she thinks she
is bleeding but it was just a water
clayton gave her a present he said the
color is baby blue
ellen said how can she hear loud and
clear on this window but on the other
one there is nothing clayton said this
glass is thicker
ellen is divorced and she doesn't know
who would want to hurt her clayton
prepared lunch and he is talking about
positive things in life she heard
someone at the door and tried to call
for help but it was nothing
and she goes back to sleep
but then she heard some voices it was
men and women from the other room
clayton said her senses went into
overdrive
ellen left a note to a neighbor
apartment clayton said that every client
requires from him to another person so
he have to be a different person for all
of this people
he is explaining what is happening
outside and what is out there
ellen wants to see how he looks
neighbor is coming with a note ellen has
left her name is lana
ellen finds out that voices she heard it
was lana husband beats her
and lana said trust nobody
she run away he is coming she said to
clayton about it he met her husband and
it seems nice
every other day there is the same car
outside with the same alarm
everything seems like a pattern she even
thought about overdose for a moment
lana is here ellen wants to apologize
but when she gets closer it was lana
husband he followed her into apartment
and he is threatening her
clayton will help but also he admits he
have feelings for her
he tried to kiss her but ellen only
needs support and to figure out what is
happening about him and neighbors
someone get in her apartment and it's
not responding to her she gets scared
maybe it's the same neighbor
but it was the same man who attacked her
on the street
cameras show no one was here tonight
except her being sightless perception
won't always be reality
she can live like this anymore
walk to a window and jumped but there is
some space designed special if she wants
to harm herself
she gets back and everything is
different now elevator is locked there
is no escape there are hidden cameras
and this place is built for ellen
clayton is trying to convince her this
all a part of the treatment ellen
doesn't trust him like before
clayton gives her a present and he said
back in two blinks not two times the
same like everyone else included in her
treatment
she remembered what lana said about not
trusting anyone
and ellen realized it was all him doing
this acting with different
personalities dropped the glass and hit
clayton and head twice
got the keys and hoped to leave this
place
lana said there is only one way out the
vent in his room
also clayton is her brother he finds
ellen everything changed the day his
mother died
his dad locked him into the cell for
three and a half years only thing he
could hear was ellen playing the violin
ellen was light to him this place is
built for her
all the personalities clayton have now
he built them when he was locked with
himself
and he said he is controlling them ellen
attacked him and found the poison
and made him blindness now
he is asking for her sister to stay but
they left him alone
ellen is now free to go
six months later she is having a live
performance